new description for appProtocol docs to reflect KEP-3726 (#40881)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.20" state="stable" >}}

The `appProtocol` field provides a way to specify an application protocol for
each Service port. This is used as a hint for implementations to offer richer behavior for protocols that they understand.
The value of this field is mirrored by the corresponding
Endpoints and EndpointSlice objects.

> This field follows standard Kubernetes label syntax. Valid values are either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field follows standard Kubernetes label syntax. Valid values are one of:
```

Author: why "one of" is better? I think english wise "either" is better here but I may be wrong

Reviewer: "either" is used for a collection of two objects, when you are talking about a collection of more than two objects, using "one of" is a better option?

Author: oh right, Indeed! thanks for clarifying!
